const divineNames = [
    {
        id: 1,
        a: "الرَّحْمَنُ",
        t: "Ar-Rahman",
        m: "The Most Gracious",
        e: "Mercy encompassing all creation. Root R-Ḥ-M (womb). Refers to Allah's all-encompassing, foundational mercy for all creation in this world.",
        u: "Invoke for general blessings. Du'a: 'Ya Rahman, have mercy on all of creation.' Situational: When witnessing suffering or at the start of any act of compassion.",
        r: "Look at the sun, air, and water—available to believer and disbeliever alike. This is Ar-Rahman's mercy. How does this shape your view of Allah's generosity?",
        c: "The universal provision of air, water, and the balanced ecosystem that sustains life indiscriminately.",
        o: "Cures hardness of heart, stinginess, and lack of compassion for others."
    },
    {
        id: 2,
        a: "الرَّحِيمُ",
        t: "Ar-Raheem",
        m: "The Most Merciful",
        e: "Specific mercy for believers. From root R-Ḥ-M. Refers to Allah's special, enduring mercy for the believers in the Hereafter and in their spiritual lives.",
        u: "Invoke for success in the afterlife. Du'a: 'Ya Raheem, have specific, tender mercy on me and my family in faith.' Situational: After performing good deeds or when seeking forgiveness.",
        r: "Allah's guidance (Islam) is itself an act of Ar-Raheem's mercy. Reflect on the gift of faith—was it earned or purely from His mercy?",
        c: "The warmth and care of a mother for her child—a finite glimpse of His specific, caring mercy for His devoted servants.",
        o: "Cures despair in Allah's forgiveness and hopelessness about the future."
    },
    {
        id: 3,
        a: "الْمَلِكُ",
        t: "Al-Malik",
        m: "The Absolute Ruler",
        e: "Sovereign Lord of all kings. Root M-L-K (to own, possess). The True Owner and King whose rule is complete, permanent, and uncontested.",
        u: "Invoke when dealing with authority. Du'a: 'Ya Malik, you are the true King. Grant me justice and make me a just agent under your rule.' Situational: When facing oppression or when in a position of power.",
        r: "Every human ruler is temporary. Reflect on a fallen empire or leader. How does this point to the One Eternal King?",
        c: "The precise, unbreakable laws of physics and nature that all are subject to, pointing to a Single Sovereign.",
        o: "Cures slave-like fear of people, obsession with status, and forgetting who truly controls affairs."
    },
    {
        id: 4,
        a: "الْقُدُّوسُ",
        t: "Al-Quddus",
        m: "The Pure / The Holy",
        e: "Free from any defect. Root Q-D-S (purity, holiness). The One who is perfect, pure, and far above any imperfection, partnership, or need.",
        u: "Invoke to purify the heart. Du'a: 'Ya Quddus, purify my heart from hypocrisy, my actions from show, and my soul from doubt.' Situational: Before prayer or when feeling spiritual impurity.",
        r: "Our hearts naturally seek perfection but attach it to flawed things. How can directing this love for perfection to Al-Quddus bring peace?",
        c: "The profound peace and awe felt in a truly sacred space, or the perfect, mathematical symmetry in nature.",
        o: "Cures spiritual contamination, love for sin, and being content with spiritual laziness."
    },
    {
        id: 5,
        a: "السَّلَامُ",
        t: "As-Salam",
        m: "The Source of Peace",
        e: "Giver of safety and peace. Root S-L-M (peace, submission). He is Peace Himself, and from Him all safety and peace emanate.",
        u: "Invoke for inner peace. Du'a: 'Ya Salam, grant my heart peace from anxiety, my mind peace from confusion, and my life peace from strife.' Situational: During anxiety, conflict, or before sleep.",
        r: "Worldly peace is temporary and external. True, lasting peace can only come from its Source. Where do you truly seek peace from?",
        c: "The deep, innate human longing for peace and the moments of profound inner stillness we sometimes experience.",
        o: "Cures chronic anxiety, anger, and the tendency to create strife."
    },
    {
        id: 6,
        a: "الْمُؤْمِنُ",
        t: "Al-Mu'min",
        m: "The Granter of Security",
        e: "The One who grants security. Root Ā-M-N (safety, faith). He gives safety from fear in this world and the next, and He affirms the truth of His promise.",
        u: "Invoke when feeling fearful. Du'a: 'Ya Mu'min, grant me safety in my faith, my family, and from what I fear.' Situational: During times of danger, uncertainty, or spiritual doubt.",
        r: "Allah grants physical and spiritual security. Reflect on the times you were protected from harm you didn't even know about.",
        c: "The feeling of safety in a well-fortified home, or the certainty we feel in established scientific truths—both are limited reflections of His security.",
        o: "Cures paralyzing fear, excessive worry about the future, and lack of trust in Allah's promises."
    },
    {
        id: 7,
        a: "الْمُهَيْمِنُ",
        t: "Al-Muhaymin",
        m: "The Guardian",
        e: "Overseer who protects all. Root H-M-N (to watch over). The Witness, Protector, and Guardian who preserves and oversees all affairs with perfect knowledge.",
        u: "Invoke for protection. Du'a: 'Ya Muhaymin, watch over my faith, my family, and my affairs. Protect me from the evils I see and those I do not.' Situational: When feeling vulnerable or responsible for others.",
        r: "Nothing escapes His watch. This can be comforting (He sees your struggle) or sobering (He sees your hidden sins). How does this affect your consciousness?",
        c: "A flawless security system or a watchful, loving parent's eye over a child.",
        o: "Cures the feeling of being unseen in one's struggles and the delusion that one can hide misdeeds."
    },
    {
        id: 8,
        a: "الْعَزِيزُ",
        t: "Al-Aziz",
        m: "The Almighty",
        e: "Unconquerable power. Root ‘-Z-Z (strength, rarity). The All-Mighty who is invincible, rare, and precious. His will is never overcome.",
        u: "Invoke for strength. Du'a: 'Ya Aziz, grant me strength in my faith, victory over my lower self, and honor through obedience to You.' Situational: When facing a powerful opponent or feeling weak.",
        r: "All human power is derivative and temporary. Reflect on a powerful person who fell from grace. True, lasting might belongs only to whom?",
        c: "The immense, untamable power of a hurricane or a volcano—powerful yet entirely submitted to Allah's will.",
        o: "Cures feelings of powerlessness, awe of oppressors, and relying on other than Allah for strength."
    },
    {
        id: 9,
        a: "الْجَبَّارُ",
        t: "Al-Jabbar",
        m: "The Compeller / Mender",
        e: "One who mends what is broken. Root J-B-R (to compel, to mend). He mends broken hearts and lives, and He compels all to His will, yet with perfect wisdom.",
        u: "Invoke to mend hearts. Du'a: 'Ya Jabbar, mend my broken heart, rectify my flawed situation, and compel my soul towards what You love.' Situational: After a loss, grief, or when one's will conflicts with divine decree.",
        r: "We often try to 'fix' things ourselves. Can you recall a time when a broken situation was mended in a way you never planned?",
        c: "The healing of a fractured bone, or the way a skilled potter repairs a broken vessel.",
        o: "Cures despair from broken dreams, arrogance in forcing one's will on others, and resistance to divine decree."
    },
    {
        id: 10,
        a: "الْمُتَكَبِّرُ",
        t: "Al-Mutakabbir",
        m: "The Supreme",
        e: "Greatness above all creation. Root K-B-R (greatness). The One who possesses and rightfully demonstrates absolute greatness and supremacy. This grandeur is His alone.",
        u: "Invoke when facing arrogance. Du'a: 'Ya Mutakabbir, show me Your greatness and protect me from the arrogance that leads to destruction.' Situational: When encountering human tyranny or when feeling prideful.",
        r: "All human arrogance is a tiny, false imitation of this attribute. What in the universe humbles you and points to His true greatness?",
        c: "The staggering scale of the universe—galaxies, black holes—that makes human pride seem absurd.",
        o: "Cures pride (kibr), arrogance, and looking down upon others."
    },
    {
        id: 11,
        a: "الْخَالِقُ",
        t: "Al-Khaliq",
        m: "The Creator",
        e: "Creator of everything from nothing. Root KH-L-Q (to measure, create). The One who measures and predestines then brings into existence from non-existence.",
        u: "Invoke for success in projects. Du'a: 'Ya Khaliq, bless my endeavors and make me a creative force for good in Your creation.' Situational: At the beginning of any creative or productive work.",
        r: "Look at your own unique fingerprint. You are an original creation, not a copy. What does this say about the creativity and attention of your Creator?",
        c: "The endless diversity of life forms, ecosystems, and human faces—each a testament to limitless creativity.",
        o: "Cutes the feeling of being unoriginal, existential nihilism, and denying purpose in creation."
    },
    {
        id: 12,
        a: "الْبَارِئُ",
        t: "Al-Bari'",
        m: "The Producer",
        e: "Giver of form to creation. Root B-R-A (to fashion, free from flaw). The One who fashions creation in distinct, perfect forms, free from defect according to His wisdom.",
        u: "Invoke for healing and order. Du'a: 'Ya Bari', heal my body, fashion my character beautifully, and bring order to my chaos.' Situational: During illness, when seeking self-improvement, or in disorder.",
        r: "Our bodies heal wounds, fight disease. Who designed this incredible, self-regulating system? Reflect on the miracle of your own form.",
        c: "The incredible complexity and functionality of a single cell or an organ like the eye.",
        o: "Cutes dissatisfaction with one's created form (body dysmorphia) and disorderliness in life and affairs."
    },
    {
        id: 13,
        a: "الْمُصَوِّرُ",
        t: "Al-Musawwir",
        m: "The Fashioner",
        e: "Designer of every detail. Root Ṣ-W-R (to form, shape). The One who gives each creation its unique, detailed shape, attributes, and characteristics.",
        u: "Invoke for creativity. Du'a: 'Ya Musawwir, beautify my actions, my character, and help me appreciate the beauty in Your design.' Situational: In artistic pursuits or when seeking to beautify one's conduct.",
        r: "No two snowflakes, leaves, or grains of sand are identical. This infinite variety points to an infinite Designer. What detail in nature most amazes you?",
        c: "The stunning artistry in a peacock's feather, a butterfly's wing, or the patterns of a seashell.",
        o: "Cutes ugly behavior, lack of appreciation for beauty, and monotony in thought and action."
    },
    {
        id: 14,
        a: "الْغَفَّارُ",
        t: "Al-Ghaffar",
        m: "The Repeatedly Forgiving",
        e: "Forgiver of all sins. Root GH-F-R (to cover, forgive). The One who repeatedly covers and forgives sins, veiling them from sight and consequence time and again.",
        u: "Invoke for repentance. Du'a: 'Ya Ghaffar, forgive my sins, great and small, known and unknown. Cover my faults with Your veil of mercy.' Situational: After committing a sin, especially one repeated.",
        r: "We hide our sins from people but expose them to Allah. Yet, He is Al-Ghaffar. People might expose us, but He chooses to cover. How does this inspire hope?",
        c: "The relief and clean slate felt after a sincere apology is accepted, magnified infinitely.",
        o: "Cutes despair of mercy, shamelessness in sinning, and exposing the sins of others."
    },
    {
        id: 15,
        a: "الْقَهَّارُ",
        t: "Al-Qahhar",
        m: "The Subduer",
        e: "Dominant over all things. Root Q-H-R (to subdue, overcome). The One before whom all creation submits and is overcome by His will and power.",
        u: "Invoke for victory over inner desires. Du'a: 'Ya Qahhar, subdue my desires to Your command, break my attachment to sin, and grant me victory over my enemy (the nafs).' Situational: When struggling against a powerful habit or addiction.",
        r: "Every tyrant in history has been subdued by death. What force ultimately subdues all? Reflect on the inevitability of returning to Him.",
        c: "The relentless force of a tidal wave or the inevitability of gravity—forces that cannot be resisted.",
        o: "Cutes being enslaved by desires, fear of earthly powers, and the illusion of total control."
    },
    {
        id: 16,
        a: "الْوَهَّابُ",
        t: "Al-Wahhab",
        m: "The Giver of All",
        e: "Bestower of gifts without limit. Root W-H-B (to give freely). The One who gives incessantly, generously, and without seeking anything in return.",
        u: "Invoke for wealth and children. Du'a: 'Ya Wahhab, grant me the gift of pious offspring, beneficial knowledge, and a heart content with Your gifts.' Situational: When in need of any blessing, especially those that enrich life.",
        r: "Every single thing you possess—life, health, intelligence, loved ones—is an unearned gift. List them. Does this change your feeling of 'entitlement'?",
        c: "The sun giving its light and warmth freely to the entire planet.",
        o: "Cutes stinginess, ingratitude, and the belief that one's possessions are solely self-acquired."
    },
    {
        id: 17,
        a: "الرَّزَّاقُ",
        t: "Ar-Razzaq",
        m: "The Provider",
        e: "Sustainer of all living things. Root R-Z-Q (to provide). The One who provides the means for growth and sustenance for every single creature.",
        u: "Invoke for sustenance. Du'a: 'Ya Razzaq, provide for me from sources I do not expect, and make my sustenance halal, pure, and abundant.' Situational: When facing financial difficulty or seeking lawful provision.",
        r: "A tiny bird does not sow or reap, yet it is fed. Who provides for it? How does this reassure you about your own provision?",
        c: "The entire food chain and ecosystem, a complex system of provision set in motion by the Creator.",
        o: "Cutes anxiety over provision, jealousy of others' wealth, and resorting to haram means for income."
    },
    {
        id: 18,
        a: "الْفَتَّاحُ",
        t: "Al-Fattah",
        m: "The Opener",
        e: "One who opens all doors. Root F-T-Ḥ (to open, judge). The Opener of doors of provision, victory, knowledge, and the Judge who opens the truth.",
        u: "Invoke for guidance and solutions. Du'a: 'Ya Fattah, open the doors of Your mercy, open my heart to Your guidance, and open for me a clear way out of this difficulty.' Situational: When stuck in a problem, seeking clarity, or beginning a new endeavor.",
        r: "When one door closes, another opens. Do you trust the One who controls all doors to open the best one for you?",
        c: "The first shoot of a plant breaking through the soil—a symbol of opening and new life.",
        o: "Cutes feelings of being trapped, closed-mindedness, and pessimism."
    },
    {
        id: 19,
        a: "الْعَلِيمُ",
        t: "Al-Alim",
        m: "The All-Knowing",
        e: "Knowledge of everything. Root ‘-L-M (to know). His knowledge encompasses all things, manifest and hidden, past, present, and future, in perfect detail.",
        u: "Invoke for wisdom and learning. Du'a: 'Ya Alim, grant me beneficial knowledge, protect me from ignorance, and guide me to act upon what I know.' Situational: When studying, facing a difficult decision, or when secrets are troubling you.",
        r: "You know a tiny fraction of what's in your own city. Allah knows every thought of every creature in every galaxy. How should this affect your arrogance?",
        c: "The vast, ever-expanding realm of human discovery, which is still a drop in the ocean of what is known to Allah.",
        o: "Cutes the fear of being exposed, intellectual arrogance, and the anxiety that comes from uncertainty."
    },
    {
        id: 20,
        a: "الْقَابِضُ",
        t: "Al-Qabid",
        m: "The Withholder",
        e: "One who restricts as He wills. Root Q-B-Ḍ (to grasp, withhold). The One who constricts provision, joy, or life itself according to His perfect wisdom and justice.",
        u: "Invoke when feeling overwhelmed. Du'a: 'Ya Qabid, withhold from me what is harmful, and constrict my heart away from love of this world.' Situational: In times of loss, restriction, or when needing discipline.",
        r: "A constriction (e.g., financial loss, illness) often forces reflection and turning back to Allah. Can you see wisdom in past constrictions?",
        c: "The contraction of a muscle, the closing of a flower at night, or the economic cycles of recession—all forms of divinely-ordained constriction.",
        o: "Cutes extravagance, greed, and the delusion of endless expansion without consequence."
    },
    {
        id: 21,
        a: "الْبَاسِطُ",
        t: "Al-Basit",
        m: "The Extender",
        e: "One who expands sustenance. Root B-S-Ṭ (to expand, spread). The One who expands provision, mercy, joy, and life with generosity.",
        u: "Invoke for relief and joy. Du'a: 'Ya Basit, expand my provision for Your sake, expand my chest with peace, and expand my opportunities for good.' Situational: After a period of difficulty, when seeking growth or ease.",
        r: "Expansion is a test as much as constriction. How do you use times of ease and abundance? Do they bring you closer to or farther from Allah?",
        c: "The sunrise spreading light, a tree canopy expanding to give shade, or an economy in growth.",
        o: "Cutes miserliness in times of plenty, lack of generosity, and taking blessings for granted."
    },
    {
        id: 22,
        a: "الْخَافِضُ",
        t: "Al-Khafid",
        m: "The Abaser",
        e: "One who lowers the arrogant. Root KH-F-Ḍ (to lower). The One who lowers tyrants, the arrogant, and those who transgress in rank, status, or estimation.",
        u: "Invoke for humility. Du'a: 'Ya Khafid, lower me in my own eyes, protect me from arrogance, and lower the oppressors who harm the believers.' Situational: When feeling pride or when witnessing the tyranny of others.",
        r: "History is littered with 'invincible' figures brought low. This is the law of Al-Khafid. Does this bring you solace regarding modern-day tyrants?",
        c: "The natural process of decay and erosion that levels mountains over time.",
        o: "Cutes arrogance (kibr), looking down on others, and obsession with social status."
    },
    {
        id: 23,
        a: "الرَّافِعُ",
        t: "Ar-Rafi'",
        m: "The Exalter",
        e: "One who raises the believers. Root R-F-‘ (to raise). The One who elevates in rank, status, honor, and spiritual stations those whom He wills.",
        u: "Invoke for dignity and rank. Du'a: 'Ya Rafi', elevate my rank in Your sight, raise my status through obedience, and honor the believers.' Situational: When feeling lowly or disrespected for one's faith.",
        r: "True elevation is nearness to Allah, not worldly status. A poor, pious believer may be infinitely higher in rank than a king. What type of elevation do you seek?",
        c: "A seedling growing into a mighty tree, or a student's knowledge elevating them to mastery.",
        o: "Cutes feelings of inferiority, despair about one's station, and envying others' status."
    },
    {
        id: 24,
        a: "الْمُعِزُّ",
        t: "Al-Mu'izz",
        m: "The Giver of Honor",
        e: "Bestower of honor. Root ‘-Z-Z (strength, honor). The One who grants honor, power, and victory. True honor comes only from Him, through Islam and obedience.",
        u: "Invoke for respect in society. Du'a: 'Ya Mu'izz, honor me through Islam, honor the Muslims, and do not leave me to be humiliated by my enemies.' Situational: When facing humiliation or seeking strength for the Muslim community.",
        r: "If Allah honors you, none can disgrace you. If He dishonors you, none can honor you. Where do you truly seek honor from?",
        c: "The innate human desire for dignity and respect, fulfilled in its purest form when one lives with integrity and faith.",
        o: "Cutes seeking honor from people, feeling disgraced by lack of worldly status, and compromising faith for social acceptance."
    },
    {
        id: 25,
        a: "الْمُذِلُّ",
        t: "Al-Mudhill",
        m: "The Giver of Dishonor",
        e: "One who humbles the oppressors. Root DH-L-L (to humiliate). The One who humiliates the tyrants, the arrogant, and those who mock His religion, in this world and the next.",
        u: "Invoke when facing injustice. Du'a: 'Ya Mudhill, humble the enemies of the faith who seek to humiliate the believers. Do not let their plots prevail.' Situational: When witnessing the persecution of believers or the arrogance of disbelievers.",
        r: "Pharaoh was humiliated. Nimrod was humiliated. Their stories are preserved for us as lessons. What is the common thread in their downfall?",
        c: "The dramatic fall from grace of historical empires and leaders who were once considered invincible.",
        o: "Cutes the fear of human oppressors and the desire for revenge through one's own hands."
    },
    {
        id: 26,
        a: "السَّمِيعُ",
        t: "As-Sami'",
        m: "The All-Hearing",
        e: "He hears all prayers. Root S-M-‘ (to hear). His hearing encompasses every sound, whisper, thought, and du'a, without confusion or overload.",
        u: "Invoke when making du'a. Du'a: 'Ya Sami', You hear every secret and whisper. Hear my du'a, my pain, and my praise.' Situational: Especially when making a heartfelt, private supplication.",
        r: "You can speak to the King of Kings directly, without an appointment, and He hears you perfectly. Do you value this access?",
        c: "Advanced technology that can capture faint sounds, or a mother who can hear her child's cry in a crowd—both are limited shadows of His hearing.",
        o: "Cutes the feeling that du'a is unheard, gossiping (thinking Allah doesn't hear), and hypocrisy in speech."
    },
    {
        id: 27,
        a: "الْبَصِيرُ",
        t: "Al-Basir",
        m: "The All-Seeing",
        e: "He sees all things. Root B-Ṣ-R (to see). His sight penetrates all darkness, veils, and dimensions. He sees your actions, intentions, and hidden states.",
        u: "Invoke for awareness and insight. Du'a: 'Ya Basir, make me see the truth as truth and falsehood as falsehood. Grant me insight into my own faults.' Situational: When seeking clarity, or to increase God-consciousness (Taqwa) in private acts.",
        r: "You modify your behavior when you know you're on camera. You are always on the camera of Al-Basir. How does this change your private moments?",
        c: "The most powerful telescope seeing distant galaxies, or a microscope seeing tiny cells—both extend the limited human sight He created.",
        o: "Cutes hypocrisy (riya'), secret sins, and the illusion of privacy for wrongdoing."
    },
    {
        id: 28,
        a: "الْحَكَمُ",
        t: "Al-Hakam",
        m: "The Judge",
        e: "The ultimate Arbiter. Root Ḥ-K-M (to judge, wisdom). He is the Judge whose judgment is perfect, final, and encompasses the seen and unseen. No one can overturn His decree.",
        u: "Invoke for justice. Du'a: 'Ya Hakam, judge between me and those who wrong me with Your justice. Be my Judge against my own soul's desires.' Situational: When wronged, in legal disputes, or when confused between right and wrong.",
        r: "Human judges can be bribed, misinformed, or biased. Allah's judgment is based on perfect knowledge and absolute justice. Where would you rather take your case?",
        c: "The innate human craving for ultimate justice—the feeling that some wrongs must be righted—points to the reality of a Supreme Judge.",
        o: "Cutes taking revenge into one's own hands, despair over worldly injustice, and distrust in Allah's ultimate plan."
    },
    {
        id: 29,
        a: "الْعَدْلُ",
        t: "Al-Adl",
        m: "The Utterly Just",
        e: "Absolute justice. Root ‘-D-L (justice, balance). He is Justice itself. He will not wrong anyone by an atom's weight. His scales on the Day of Judgment will be perfectly balanced.",
        u: "Invoke for fairness. Du'a: 'Ya Adl, establish justice in my heart, my home, and my community. Make me just even against myself.' Situational: When dealing fairly with others, especially those under your care.",
        r: "In this world, justice is often delayed, partial, or corrupted. The believer's heart yearns for perfect justice. That yearning will be fulfilled by Al-Adl. Can you wait for His court?",
        c: "The precise balance in the universe—planetary orbits, ecological systems—all reflect divine balance and justice.",
        o: "Cutes oppression (zulm) of others, self-pity (feeling unfairly treated by Allah), and bias."
    },
    {
        id: 30,
        a: "اللَّطِيفُ",
        t: "Al-Latif",
        m: "The Most Gentle",
        e: "Knowing the subtle secrets. Root L-Ṭ-F (gentle, subtle). His kindness is so subtle it arranges blessings in ways we don't perceive. He knows the finest details of all affairs.",
        u: "Invoke for ease in hardship. Du'a: 'Ya Latif, be gentle with me. Grant me subtle blessings and arrange my affairs in the kindest way, known only to You.' Situational: During subtle distress, when needing hidden doors to open, or for gentle guidance.",
        r: "The 'coincidence' that helped you, the avoided accident, the timely advice—these are often the gentle hand of Al-Latif. Can you trace one in your life?",
        c: "The gentle growth of a plant, the subtle workings of intuition, or the way a complex problem is solved through a simple, unexpected insight.",
        o: "Cutes harshness, clumsiness, despair over details, and missing the subtle signs of Allah's care."
    },
    {
        id: 31,
        a: "الْخَبِيرُ",
        t: "Al-Khabir",
        m: "The All-Aware",
        e: "Aware of hidden realities. Root KH-B-R (to know inner state). He is not just knowledgeable, but deeply aware of the inner reality, essence, and consequences of all things.",
        u: "Invoke for clarity. Du'a: 'Ya Khabir, make me aware of my own faults, the reality of situations, and protect me from self-deception.' Situational: When facing deception, complex situations, or needing self-awareness.",
        r: "People see your actions; Allah sees the intention, the history, the circumstance, and the ripple effect. His awareness is complete. Does this comfort or concern you?",
        c: "A master craftsman who knows not just how to use a tool, but its grain, its weaknesses, and its full potential.",
        o: "Cutes self-deception, being fooled by outward appearances, and superficial understanding."
    },
    {
        id: 32,
        a: "الْحَلِيمُ",
        t: "Al-Halim",
        m: "The Most Forbearing",
        e: "One who is patient. Root Ḥ-L-M (to be forbearing). He delays punishment, gives respite to the sinner to repent, and is not hastened by the disobedience of creation.",
        u: "Invoke for patience. Du'a: 'Ya Halim, grant me forbearance with people, with trials, and with myself. Do not hasten to punish me for my sins.' Situational: When angered, when dealing with difficult people, or when impatient for results.",
        r: "If Allah were to punish us immediately for our sins, nothing would remain on earth. His forbearance is our chance. How are we using this respite?",
        c: "The vast patience of nature—a seed taking years to become a tree, the erosion of rock over millennia.",
        o: "Cutes quick temper, haste in judging others, and despair when repentance is not immediately followed by relief."
    },
    {
        id: 33,
        a: "الْعَظِيمُ",
        t: "Al-Azim",
        m: "The Magnificent",
        e: "Beyond all comprehension. Root ‘-Ẓ-M (greatness, magnitude). The One whose greatness is immense in essence, power, and majesty. He is the Magnificent beyond any measure.",
        u: "Invoke for awe and respect. Du'a: 'Ya Azim, fill my heart with awe of You. Magnify Your religion and grant the believers grandeur.' Situational: When witnessing grand signs of creation, or to overcome pettiness.",
        r: "Our minds cannot comprehend His true greatness. The universe itself is just a sign of it. Does this make your biggest problem seem smaller?",
        c: "The Grand Canyon, Mount Everest, or the cosmic scale of nebulas—all point to a magnitude far greater than themselves.",
        o: "Cutes pettiness, magnifying small problems, and forgetting the grandeur of the Creator."
    },
    {
        id: 34,
        a: "الْغَفُورُ",
        t: "Al-Ghafur",
        m: "The Forgiving",
        e: "Forgiver of all faults. Root GH-F-R (to cover, forgive). The One who extensively forgives and pardons, covering sins and not holding the servant to account for them.",
        u: "Invoke for constant pardon. Du'a: 'Ya Ghafur, You are the Oft-Forgiving. Forgive my sins, which no one can forgive but You.' Situational: After any sin, especially when feeling the weight of wrongdoing.",
        r: "His forgiveness is vaster than your capacity to sin. Are you exhausting His forgiveness or exhausting your time to repent?",
        c: "The ocean's capacity to absorb impurities without being tainted—a finite metaphor for His infinite capacity to forgive.",
        o: "Cutes the feeling that one's sins are too great, and hopelessness about forgiveness."
    },
    {
        id: 35,
        a: "الشَّكُورُ",
        t: "Ash-Shakur",
        m: "The Appreciative",
        e: "Rewarder of small deeds. Root SH-K-R (to thank). The One who gives immense reward for small deeds, multiplies good actions, and appreciates even the slightest effort.",
        u: "Invoke for gratitude. Du'a: 'Ya Shakur, make me grateful for Your blessings. Accept my small deeds and magnify their reward.' Situational: After performing a good deed, or when feeling one's efforts are insignificant.",
        r: "One sincere 'SubhanAllah' can outweigh mountains of gold in reward. This is His appreciation. Do you value your own small acts as He does?",
        c: "A teacher who praises a student's small step, encouraging greater progress.",
        o: "Cutes feeling that one's good deeds are worthless, ingratitude, and underestimating the power of small, consistent acts."
    },
    {
        id: 36,
        a: "الْعَلِيُّ",
        t: "Al-Aliyy",
        m: "The Highest",
        e: "Above all creation. Root ‘-L-W (highness). The One who is high above in status, rank, and essence. He is above His throne, above the heavens, above all creation, without being contained by space.",
        u: "Invoke for spiritual elevation. Du'a: 'Ya Aliyy, the Most High, elevate my rank, my status, and my aspirations towards You.' Situational: When feeling lowly or attached to worldly, lowly matters.",
        r: "Everything in creation is below Him. To whom do you direct your ultimate aspirations—to what is low and fleeting, or to the Most High?",
        c: "The human innate admiration for heights—mountain peaks, soaring eagles, skyscrapers—all point to a love for transcendence rooted in Him.",
        o: "Cutes lowly desires, spiritual degradation, and seeking elevation through unworthy means."
    },
    {
        id: 37,
        a: "الْكَبِيرُ",
        t: "Al-Kabir",
        m: "The Greatest",
        e: "Infinite in greatness. Root K-B-R (greatness). The One whose greatness is inherent and absolute. He is greater than anything the mind can conceive.",
        u: "Invoke when feeling insignificant. Du'a: 'Ya Kabir, You are the Greatest. Make my concerns small in my heart compared to Your remembrance.' Situational: When overwhelmed by life's magnitude or the power of others.",
        r: "Pharaoh claimed greatness and was destroyed. True, inherent greatness belongs only to Al-Kabir. What happens when humans claim it for themselves?",
        c: "The feeling of awe and smallness one feels under a starry night sky—a direct feeling of the created before the Creator's greatness.",
        o: "Cutes feeling overwhelmed by creation and forgetting the Creator who is greater than all of it."
    },
    {
        id: 38,
        a: "الْحَفِيظُ",
        t: "Al-Hafiz",
        m: "The Preserver",
        e: "Protector of all. Root Ḥ-F-Ẓ (to preserve). The One who preserves the heavens and earth from destruction, protects His servants from evil, and preserves their deeds.",
        u: "Invoke for family protection. Du'a: 'Ya Hafiz, preserve my faith, my family from harm, and my good deeds from being lost.' Situational: When traveling, when fearing for loved ones, or for protection of one's religion.",
        r: "Your good deeds are recorded and preserved, never lost. Your bad deeds, if forgiven, are erased. Which preservation is more amazing?",
        c: "DNA—the preserved code of life passed through generations, or a historical archive safeguarding records.",
        o: "Cutes negligence in preserving one's faith and relationships, and fear of losing worldly things above spiritual ones."
    },
    {
        id: 39,
        a: "الْمُقِيتُ",
        t: "Al-Muqit",
        m: "The Nourisher",
        e: "Sustainer of body and soul. Root Q-W-T (nourishment). The One who provides nourishment and sustenance for both physical bodies and spiritual hearts (through knowledge and faith).",
        u: "Invoke for daily bread. Du'a: 'Ya Muqit, nourish my body with halal provision and my heart with faith and certainty.' Situational: At meal times, when seeking knowledge, or when feeling spiritual hunger.",
        r: "Food nourishes the body for a day. The Qur'an and faith nourish the soul for eternity. Which nourishment do you prioritize?",
        c: "The soil, rain, and sun working together to nourish plants, which then nourish animals and humans.",
        o: "Cutes obsession with physical food while neglecting spiritual food, and worrying about future provision."
    },
    {
        id: 40,
        a: "الْحَسِيبُ",
        t: "Al-Hasib",
        m: "The Reckoner",
        e: "Sufficient for all needs. Root Ḥ-S-B (to reckon, suffice). The One who takes full account of everything and is sufficient for His servants. Relying on Him is enough.",
        u: "Invoke for self-sufficiency. Du'a: 'Ya Hasib, You are sufficient for me against all harm. Be my reckoner against those who wrong me.' Situational: When feeling alone in a dispute, or when needing to rely solely on Allah.",
        r: "On the Day of Accounting, His reckoning will be swift and perfect. Are you preparing your own accounting, or just hoping He will be merciful? (The answer is both).",
        c: "The final, binding tally of a scoreboard at the end of a game—a definitive reckoning.",
        o: "Cutes excessive worry about being wronged without recompense, and relying on others instead of Allah."
    },
    {
        id: 41,
        a: "الْجَلِيلُ",
        t: "Al-Jalil",
        m: "The Majestic",
        e: "The Source of Majesty. Root J-L-L (majesty). The One who possesses the attributes of grandeur, majesty, and glory. He is the source of all majesty in creation.",
        u: "Invoke for noble character. Du'a: 'Ya Jalil, clothe me with majesty through good character and dignity, not through arrogance.' Situational: When seeking to embody dignity and gravity in conduct.",
        r: "Human majesty (of a lion, a mountain, a king) is borrowed and inspires awe. The majesty of Al-Jalil is inherent and inspires worship. Can you feel the difference?",
        c: "The awe-inspiring sight of a mighty lion, a towering mountain range, or a grand palace—all borrowed majesty from Al-Jalil.",
        o: "Cutes cheap behavior, lack of dignity, and seeking majesty through material possessions instead of character."
    },
    {
        id: 42,
        a: "الْكَرِيمُ",
        t: "Al-Karim",
        m: "The Most Generous",
        e: "Giving without being asked. Root K-R-M (nobility, generosity). The One whose nature is to give abundantly, who gives even before being asked, and who is never stingy.",
        u: "Invoke for abundance. Du'a: 'Ya Karim, the Most Generous, increase me from Your boundless bounty in ways good for me in this life and the next.' Situational: When in need, or simply to express hope in His limitless giving.",
        r: "He gives to those who disobey Him, to those who don't believe in Him. How much more will He give to those who love and obey Him?",
        c: "A spring that gives water freely and abundantly to all who come, without depletion.",
        o: "Cutes stinginess, reluctance to ask Allah, and being ungenerous with what He has given you."
    },
    {
        id: 43,
        a: "الرَّقِيبُ",
        t: "Ar-Raqib",
        m: "The Watchful",
        e: "Never misses a moment. Root R-Q-B (to watch). The Ever-Watchful who observes all actions, internal and external, and from whom nothing is hidden.",
        u: "Invoke for mindfulness. Du'a: 'Ya Raqib, make me mindful that You are watching me in all my states.' Situational: To increase God-consciousness (Taqwa) before taking any action.",
        r: "A human watcher can be distracted. Ar-Raqib's watch is constant and complete. Does this awareness discipline or comfort you? (It should do both).",
        c: "A flawless, 24/7 surveillance system that also records intentions—an impossible feat for humans, simple for Allah.",
        o: "Cutes heedlessness (ghaflah), sinning in secret, and forgetting accountability."
    },
    {
        id: 44,
        a: "الْمُجِيبُ",
        t: "Al-Mujib",
        m: "The Responsive",
        e: "Answerer of prayers. Root J-W-B (to answer). The One who responds to the calls of those in need, in the way and at the time that is best for them.",
        u: "Invoke for quick du'a response. Du'a: 'Ya Mujib, answer my du'a, hasten Your response for what is good for me, and never turn me away disappointed.' Situational: When making a sincere, urgent supplication.",
        r: "Sometimes the answer is 'Yes,' sometimes 'No,' sometimes 'Wait.' A 'No' or 'Wait' from the All-Wise is a greater mercy than a 'Yes' that would harm you. Do you trust His response?",
        c: "A loving parent who always hears their child's cry and responds—sometimes by giving, sometimes by holding back for the child's own good.",
        o: "Cutes despair when du'as seem unanswered, and impatience with divine timing."
    },
    {
        id: 45,
        a: "الْوَاسِعُ",
        t: "Al-Wasi'",
        m: "The All-Encompassing",
        e: "His mercy is everywhere. Root W-S-‘ (vastness). The Vast, whose knowledge, mercy, provision, and dominion are infinitely vast, encompassing all things.",
        u: "Invoke for broad solutions. Du'a: 'Ya Wasi', Your mercy and knowledge are vast. Encompass me with Your mercy and grant me a way out from every difficulty.' Situational: When problems feel overwhelming and solutions seem narrow.",
        r: "Your problem, no matter how big, exists within the vastness of His knowledge and power. It is not too big for Him.",
        c: "The limitless sky that encompasses the earth, or the ocean that holds countless creatures.",
        o: "Cutes feeling trapped, claustrophobic in life's circumstances, and having a narrow, limited view of possibilities."
    },
    {
        id: 46,
        a: "الْحَكِيمُ",
        t: "Al-Hakim",
        m: "The All-Wise",
        e: "Perfect in wisdom. Root Ḥ-K-M (wisdom). All His actions, laws, and decrees are based on perfect, profound wisdom, even if hidden from our limited understanding.",
        u: "Invoke for better decision making. Du'a: 'Ya Hakim, grant me wisdom. Make me content with Your decree, knowing it stems from Your perfect wisdom.' Situational: When confused by life's events, when making important choices.",
        r: "A child cries when denied candy, not understanding the parent's wisdom (cavities, spoilt appetite). Are we sometimes the child before Al-Hakim's decrees?",
        c: "The incredible, intricate wisdom in the design of an ecosystem or the human body, where every part has a purpose.",
        o: "Cutes questioning Allah's wisdom in hardship, making decisions based on whim, and shortsightedness."
    },
    {
        id: 47,
        a: "الْوَدُودُ",
        t: "Al-Wadud",
        m: "The Most Loving",
        e: "The Source of Love. Root W-D-D (love, affection). The Beloved who loves His righteous servants and inspires love between them. He is the ultimate object and source of pure love.",
        u: "Invoke for love in relationships. Du'a: 'Ya Wadud, make me among those whom You love. Place love between me and my family, and between the believers.' Situational: For healing broken relationships, or to increase love for Allah.",
        r: "Human love is conditional and fluctuating. Allah's love for the believer is more certain than a mother's for her child. Do you seek this ultimate love?",
        c: "The pure, selfless love of a parent, the bond between close friends—all are finite reflections of His attribute of love.",
        o: "Cutes hatred, resentment, loneliness, and loving what displeases Allah more than loving Him."
    },
    {
        id: 48,
        a: "الْمَجِيدُ",
        t: "Al-Majid",
        m: "The Glorious",
        e: "Perfect in power and rank. Root M-J-D (glory, nobility). The One who is noble in essence, majestic in attributes, and glorious in His actions and deeds.",
        u: "Invoke for success. Du'a: 'Ya Majid, the Glorious, honor me with success that brings glory to Your religion.' Situational: When undertaking a noble task or seeking honor that is pleasing to Allah.",
        r: "Worldly glory fades. The glory of the Almighty is everlasting. Which type of glory are your efforts aimed at?",
        c: "The radiant, glorious light of the sun at its peak.",
        o: "Cutes seeking cheap fame, being impressed by hollow glory, and having low aspirations."
    },
    {
        id: 49,
        a: "الْبَاعِثُ",
        t: "Al-Ba'ith",
        m: "The Resurrector",
        e: "Giver of life after death. Root B-‘-TH (to send, resurrect). The One who will raise all creatures from death on the Day of Judgment and who sends messengers and inspirations.",
        u: "Invoke for new beginnings. Du'a: 'Ya Ba'ith, resurrect my heart from the death of heedlessness. Grant me a fresh start in my repentance and efforts.' Situational: After a spiritual slump, or when hoping for revival after failure.",
        r: "If He can raise decayed bones to life, can He not revive your hopes, your dreams, or your faith?",
        c: "Spring after winter—dead-looking trees bursting back to life—is a yearly sign of the power of resurrection.",
        o: "Cutes hopelessness, fear of death, and resistance to change or new beginnings."
    },
    {
        id: 50,
        a: "الشَّهِيدُ",
        t: "Ash-Shahid",
        m: "The Witness",
        e: "Observer of all actions. Root SH-H-D (to witness). He is witness over all things at all times. His witness is enough for judgment.",
        u: "Invoke for truth. Du'a: 'Ya Shahid, You witness my state. Be my witness against those who deny my truth, and bear witness to my faith on the Day I meet You.' Situational: When one's truth is denied, or to affirm sincerity.",
        r: "You may be misunderstood or slandered by everyone, but if Ash-Shahid witnesses your truth, that is all that ultimately matters.",
        c: "A notary public or a court witness who validates a truth—their role is crucial but fallible. Allah is the infallible Witness.",
        o: "Cutes fear of people's opinions over Allah's, lying when unwatched, and needing constant external validation."
    },
    {
        id: 51,
        a: "الْحَقُّ",
        t: "Al-Haqq",
        m: "The Absolute Truth",
        e: "The Only Reality. Root Ḥ-Q-Q (truth, reality). He is the Truth in His essence, the reality upon which all existence depends. All falsehood perishes.",
        u: "Invoke for guidance to truth. Du'a: 'Ya Haqq, guide me to the truth in all matters of faith and life. Make me a person of truth.' Situational: When searching for truth, or when falsehood seems prevalent.",
        r: "Trends, ideologies, and false gods come and go. Only Al-Haqq remains. Are you building your life on the permanent or the fleeting?",
        c: "Mathematical truths (2+2=4) or scientific laws (gravity) are constant, limited reflections of absolute, unchanging truth.",
        o: "Cutes living a lie, hypocrisy, being swayed by false ideologies, and relativism."
    },
    {
        id: 52,
        a: "الْوَكِيلُ",
        t: "Al-Wakil",
        m: "The Trustee",
        e: "The ultimate Guardian. Root W-K-L (to trust). The One to manage all affairs perfectly. When you rely on Him, He is sufficient as your disposer of affairs.",
        u: "Invoke when placing trust. Du'a: 'Ya Wakil, I entrust all my affairs to You. Take care of them in a way better than I could ever imagine.' Situational: After doing one's due diligence (asbab), to release anxiety and trust the outcome to Allah.",
        r: "We worry because we think we are the ultimate managers. What if you truly delegated the management to Al-Wakil? How would that change your stress levels?",
        c: "The peace of mind when you leave your valuable possessions with a completely trustworthy, capable friend.",
        o: "Cutes anxiety, control-freak tendencies, and not trusting Allah after taking the necessary means."
    },
    {
        id: 53,
        a: "الْقَوِيُّ",
        t: "Al-Qawiyy",
        m: "The All-Strong",
        e: "Inexhaustible strength. Root Q-W-Y (strength). The One whose strength is perfect, unchanging, and never wearied. He supports and strengthens the believers.",
        u: "Invoke for physical/mental power. Du'a: 'Ya Qawiyy, strengthen my body for Your worship, my heart for patience, and the believers against their enemies.' Situational: When facing a physically or mentally demanding task, or when feeling weak in faith.",
        r: "Human strength fades with age and illness. Allah's strength is eternal. Draw your strength from the Source, not your own fleeting capacity.",
        c: "The immense, raw power of a waterfall or a tectonic plate shift—power derived from Al-Qawiyy.",
        o: "Cutes reliance on one's own weak power, fear of strong opponents, and despair in the face of mighty challenges."
    },
    {
        id: 54,
        a: "الْمَتِينُ",
        t: "Al-Matin",
        m: "The Firm",
        e: "Steadfast in power. Root M-T-N (firmness, strength). The One whose strength is firm, solid, and unwavering. It is the strength of permanence and reliability.",
        u: "Invoke for persistence. Du'a: 'Ya Matin, make my determination firm in obedience to You. Grant me steadfastness on the straight path.' Situational: When needing endurance for a long-term struggle or project.",
        r: "Firmness is better than fleeting bursts of strength. Allah's support is firm and consistent for those who are firm in His cause.",
        c: "The bedrock of a mountain, unshaken by storms—a symbol of firm strength.",
        o: "Cutes fickleness, giving up easily, and lack of consistency in good deeds."
    },
    {
        id: 55,
        a: "الْوَلِيُّ",
        t: "Al-Waliyy",
        m: "The Protecting Friend",
        e: "Friend of the believers. Root W-L-Y (to be near, to govern). The Protecting Guardian who loves, helps, and manages the affairs of the believers. He is the ultimate Ally.",
        u: "Invoke for Allah's friendship. Du'a: 'Ya Waliyy, be my protecting Friend. Take charge of my affairs and make me from Your awliya' (close friends).' Situational: When feeling alone or in need of a powerful ally.",
        r: "If Allah is your Wali, who can be against you? If He is against you, who can be your Wali? This is the most important alliance of your life.",
        c: "The unwavering support of a true, powerful friend who has your back in all circumstances.",
        o: "Cutes taking enemies of Allah as allies, feeling alone in the world, and relying on weak human support systems."
    },
    {
        id: 56,
        a: "الْحَمِيدُ",
        t: "Al-Hamid",
        m: "The Praiseworthy",
        e: "Worthy of all praise. Root Ḥ-M-D (praise). He is inherently praiseworthy in all His actions, decrees, and names, whether we perceive the wisdom or not.",
        u: "Invoke for a grateful heart. Du'a: 'Ya Hamid, make me among those who praise You in all circumstances. All praise is for You alone.' Situational: In times of ease to express thanks, in times of hardship to affirm His wisdom is praiseworthy.",
        r: "Even in decreeing a trial, He is praiseworthy. Can you train your heart to see the potential for praise in every situation?",
        c: "A master artist whose every brushstroke is perfect, making the entire painting worthy of praise.",
        o: "Cutes ingratitude, complaining against divine decree, and praising others for what only Allah enabled."
    },
    {
        id: 57,
        a: "الْمُحْصِي",
        t: "Al-Muhsi",
        m: "The Apportioner",
        e: "Counter of all things. Root Ḥ-Ṣ-Y (to count, enumerate). The One who has counted, enumerated, and knows the exact measure of everything in creation.",
        u: "Invoke for organization. Du'a: 'Ya Muhsi, help me organize my affairs, my time, and my worship. Make me mindful that all my deeds are counted.' Situational: When planning, organizing, or feeling that one's efforts are going uncounted.",
        r: "Not a leaf falls, not a tear is shed, not a breath is taken except that He knows its number. Your struggles are all counted.",
        c: "The precise number of stars, grains of sand, or cells in a body—all within His encompassing count.",
        o: "Cutes disorganization, feeling that one's good deeds are wasted, and heedlessness about accountability."
    },
    {
        id: 58,
        a: "الْمُبْدِئُ",
        t: "Al-Mubdi'",
        m: "The Originator",
        e: "First cause of all things. Root B-D-A (to begin). The One who originates and starts creation without any prior model. He is the Beginner of all things.",
        u: "Invoke for new ideas. Du'a: 'Ya Mubdi', Originator of the heavens and earth, originate in me a pure heart and good innovations in my work for Your sake.' Situational: At the start of any new venture, seeking originality and divine inspiration.",
        r: "Every invention, every idea, has its ultimate origin in Allah's knowledge. True innovation connects back to His creative power.",
        c: "The first spark of a new idea in the mind, or the Big Bang—the scientific theory of the origin of the universe points to a Beginner.",
        o: "Cutes plagiarism, lack of originality, and fear of starting new, good things."
    },
    {
        id: 59,
        a: "الْمُعِيدُ",
        t: "Al-Mu'id",
        m: "The Restorer",
        e: "He who returns all. Root ‘-W-D (to return). The One who will return all creation after death and who repeats cycles in creation.",
        u: "Invoke to get back what was lost. Du'a: 'Ya Mu'id, restore to me what I have lost in faith, wealth, or honor, if it is good for me.' Situational: After a loss, with the hope of restoration in this life or the next.",
        r: "Life is full of cycles: day/night, seasons. The ultimate cycle is our return to Him. Are you preparing for that return?",
        c: "The cycle of water: evaporation, cloud formation, rain, returning to rivers and seas.",
        o: "Cutes despair after loss, and the belief that what is gone can never be recovered in any form."
    },
    {
        id: 60,
        a: "الْمُحْيِي",
        t: "Al-Muhyi",
        m: "The Giver of Life",
        e: "Giver of spiritual life. Root Ḥ-Y-Y (life). The One who gives physical life and, more importantly, gives spiritual life to dead hearts through faith and guidance.",
        u: "Invoke for a dead heart. Du'a: 'Ya Muhyi, give life to my heart with Your remembrance, my body with Your obedience, and revive the lands with Your mercy.' Situational: When feeling spiritually numb, or praying for rain or revival.",
        r: "A heart without the light of faith is dead, even if the body lives. Which life do you prioritize maintaining?",
        c: "Rain falling on parched land, causing it to burst forth with life.",
        o: "Cutes spiritual numbness, prioritizing physical life over spiritual life, and despair in reviving good."
    },
    {
        id: 61,
        a: "الْمُمِيتُ",
        t: "Al-Mumit",
        m: "The Bringer of Death",
        e: "Owner of the final hour. Root M-W-T (death). The One who gives death, taking life at its appointed term. He causes all things to perish, making way for the new and the hereafter.",
        u: "Invoke to conquer fears. Du'a: 'Ya Mumit, make the death of my desires, my sins, and my enemies a means of life for my faith.' Situational: To overcome fear of death, or to seek an end to evil or oppression.",
        r: "Death is not the opposite of life, but a part of it. It is the transition ordained by Al-Mumit to the next, eternal phase. Do you fear the transition or the meeting with your Lord?",
        c: "Autumn, where leaves die to make way for new growth in spring. The end of one thing allows the beginning of another.",
        o: "Cutes excessive fear of death, love of this world to the exclusion of the next, and wishing for the death of others out of malice."
    },
    {
        id: 62,
        a: "الْحَيُّ",
        t: "Al-Hayy",
        m: "The Ever-Living",
        e: "Life with no beginning or end. Root Ḥ-Y-Y (life). The One who is alive in a perfect, eternal, and self-sustaining way. His life is inseparable from His other attributes.",
        u: "Invoke for longevity. Du'a: 'Ya Hayy, O Ever-Living, by Your eternal life, grant me a life of obedience and a death of a believer.' Situational: When seeking blessings for a long, productive life, or when needing to feel His ever-present reality.",
        r: "Every other 'living' thing borrows life from Him and will lose it. He is the only source and true possessor of life. On whom do you rely for vitality?",
        c: "A perpetual motion machine is impossible for humans, but Allah's life and power are perpetual and without need for fuel.",
        o: "Cutes the fear that Allah is distant or unaware (implying a deficiency in life), and relying on dead things (idols, wealth, status) for vitality."
    },
    {
        id: 63,
        a: "الْقَيُّومُ",
        t: "Al-Qayyum",
        m: "The Sustainer",
        e: "Self-subsisting Lord. Root Q-W-M (to stand, sustain). The One who sustains and maintains all of creation. He stands alone, needing no support, while all of creation stands in need of Him.",
        u: "Invoke for stability. Du'a: 'Ya Qayyum, sustain my faith, my livelihood, and my family. Do not leave me to depend on myself for even a moment.' Situational: When seeking stability in life, faith, or during upheaval.",
        r: "If Al-Qayyum ceased sustaining the universe for an instant, it would collapse. Your every breath is a direct result of His sustaining power.",
        c: "The force that holds atoms together, keeps planets in orbit, and maintains the balance of ecosystems—all point to a Sustainer.",
        o: "Cutes the illusion of self-sufficiency, anxiety about who will maintain affairs, and relying on systems that can fail."
    },
    {
        id: 64,
        a: "الْوَاجِدُ",
        t: "Al-Wajid",
        m: "The Perceiver",
        e: "He who finds everything. Root W-J-D (to find, perceive). The One who finds (i.e., has) everything He wishes, and who perceives all needs and lacks nothing.",
        u: "Invoke to find your path. Du'a: 'Ya Wajid, help me find what I have lost, find my purpose, and find my way to Your pleasure.' Situational: When lost, searching for something lost, or seeking purpose.",
        r: "You search for happiness, peace, purpose. Al-Wajid already has them and can grant them to you. Are you looking in the right place?",
        c: "A perfect search engine that finds any piece of information—a shadow of Al-Wajid's perfect perception and possession.",
        o: "Cutes feeling lost, the perception of lack, and thinking Allah cannot 'find' a solution for you."
    },
    {
        id: 65,
        a: "الْمَاجِدُ",
        t: "Al-Majid",
        m: "The Illustrious",
        e: "Great in splendor. Root M-J-D (glory, nobility). The One whose essence is glorious, magnificent, and abundantly generous. His majesty is coupled with boundless giving.",
        u: "Invoke for dignity. Du'a: 'Ya Majid, by Your glorious majesty, clothe me with dignity and protect me from humiliation.' Situational: When one's honor is under threat, or to embody noble character.",
        r: "Human dignity often comes from wealth or lineage. True, lasting dignity comes from connection to Al-Majid. What is the source of your dignity?",
        c: "The radiant, generous sun whose light gives both warmth (generosity) and brilliance (majesty).",
        o: "Cutes low self-esteem rooted in worldly measures, undignified behavior, and seeking splendor in transient things."
    },
    {
        id: 66,
        a: "الْوَاحِدُ",
        t: "Al-Wahid",
        m: "The Unique",
        e: "Indivisible and alone. Root W-Ḥ-D (one). The One who is alone in His lordship, worship, names, and attributes. He has no partner, no equal, no rival.",
        u: "Invoke for sincerity (Ikhlas). Du'a: 'Ya Wahid, make my worship, my love, and my fear solely for You alone.' Situational: To purify intention, especially before acts of worship.",
        r: "Everything in existence points to oneness—one universe governed by one set of laws. Doesn't this point to a Single Originator?",
        c: "The number one—the foundation of all other numbers. Similarly, Al-Wahid is the foundation of all existence.",
        o: "Cutes shirk (associating partners with Allah), divided loyalties, and hypocrisy."
    },
    {
        id: 67,
        a: "الْأَحَدُ",
        t: "Al-Ahad",
        m: "The One",
        e: "The One and Only. Root A-Ḥ-D (one). Emphasizes absolute oneness and uniqueness. He is not composed of parts, not defined by multiplicity in any way.",
        u: "Invoke for pure Monotheism. Du'a: 'Ya Ahad, the One who has no second, no partner, no equal. I affirm Your oneness in my heart and actions.' Situational: As a declaration of Tawhid, and to strengthen monotheistic belief.",
        r: "Al-Ahad is beyond human comprehension because we only know things by comparison. He is unlike anything. Can you worship a reality you can't fully comprehend? (Yes, through His guidance).",
        c: "The concept of absolute unity in philosophy and mathematics—a profound truth that is simple yet foundational.",
        o: "Cutes philosophical confusion about God, likening Allah to creation (tashbih), and doubting His absolute uniqueness."
    },
    {
        id: 68,
        a: "الصَّمَدُ",
        t: "As-Samad",
        m: "The Eternal Refuge",
        e: "The One needed by all. Root Ṣ-M-D (to turn to, to rely upon). The Master who is sought for every need, while He is independent of all. All creatures turn to Him.",
        u: "Invoke in absolute dependency. Du'a: 'Ya Samad, to You all creation turns for its needs. I turn to You for my needs in this life and the next.' Situational: When in dire need, recognizing that all other doors are closed except His.",
        r: "You need people for jobs, money, love. They themselves are needy. Only As-Samad is the truly needless one upon whom all needs depend. Why not go directly to the Source?",
        c: "A thriving capital city that everyone in the country turns to for administration, commerce, and culture—yet the city itself needs resources. As-Samad has no need.",
        o: "Cutes turning to creation for needs that only the Creator can fulfill, and the illusion of human independence."
    },
    {
        id: 69,
        a: "الْقَادِرُ",
        t: "Al-Qadir",
        m: "The Capable",
        e: "Ability to do anything. Root Q-D-R (power, measure). The One who has full power and ability over all things. Nothing can frustrate His will.",
        u: "Invoke for capability. Du'a: 'Ya Qadir, make me capable of what You have ordained for me, and make the impossible possible if it is Your will.' Situational: When facing a task that seems beyond one's ability.",
        r: "Your existence from a sperm and egg was once 'impossible.' Who made it possible? The same One can make possible what you deem impossible now.",
        c: "A master engineer who can build anything they envision, with no material or logistical constraints.",
        o: "Cutes the phrase 'I can't' when it comes to righteous goals, and limiting Allah's power to one's own understanding."
    },
    {
        id: 70,
        a: "الْمُقْتَدِرُ",
        t: "Al-Muqtadir",
        m: "The Omnipotent",
        e: "Perfect in power execution. Root Q-D-R (power). Emphasizes the perfection and mastery in the exercise of His power. He enacts His power in the most precise, wise, and overwhelming ways.",
        u: "Invoke for great tasks. Du'a: 'Ya Muqtadir, the Perfect in Power, grant me success in this great endeavor that aligns with Your will.' Situational: When undertaking a monumental task for the sake of Allah.",
        r: "Pharaoh's might was immense, but Al-Muqtadir drowned him with a simple act of nature. Human power is a toy before His omnipotence.",
        c: "Not just having a powerful tool, but having the perfect skill, timing, and precision to use it for the exact desired outcome.",
        o: "Cutes being overwhelmed by the seeming power of evil systems, and forgetting that the ultimate execution of power belongs to Allah."
    },
    {
        id: 71,
        a: "الْمُقَدِّمُ",
        t: "Al-Muqaddim",
        m: "The Expediter",
        e: "One who brings forward. Root Q-D-M (to precede, advance). The One who advances and promotes whom He wills in rank, time, or position.",
        u: "Invoke for early results. Du'a: 'Ya Muqaddim, bring forward what is good for me in this life and my provisions in the Hereafter.' Situational: When needing something to be hastened for a good purpose.",
        r: "We often want good things delayed (like death, accountability) and bad things hastened (like punishment for enemies). Al-Muqaddim brings forward what is truly best according to His wisdom.",
        c: "A teacher who calls a prepared student to the front of the class to demonstrate, advancing their opportunity.",
        o: "Cutes impatience for worldly matters and laziness in preparing for the Hereafter (which should be 'brought forward' in our priorities)."
    },
    {
        id: 72,
        a: "الْمُؤَخِّرُ",
        t: "Al-Mu'akhkhir",
        m: "The Delayer",
        e: "One who holds back. Root A-KH-R (to delay, latter). The One who delays and puts back whom He wills, whether it be punishment, death, or a specific event.",
        u: "Invoke for patience with timing. Du'a: 'Ya Mu'akhkhir, delay what is harmful for me and delay my meeting with You until You are pleased with me.' Situational: When seeking respite from a feared event, or when waiting for divine timing.",
        r: "The delay of punishment for a sinner is not neglect; it is a window for repentance from Al-Mu'akhkhir. How are you using your window?",
        c: "A wise parent who delays giving a child a dangerous toy until they are mature enough to handle it.",
        o: "Cutes haste, despair when prayers are delayed, and taking Allah's delay for granted."
    },
    {
        id: 73,
        a: "الْأَوَّلُ",
        t: "Al-Awwal",
        m: "The First",
        e: "Before all things. Root A-W-L (first). The One who existed before anything else, without beginning. His existence is not preceded by non-existence.",
        u: "Invoke at the start of tasks. Du'a: 'Ya Awwal, the First, I begin this task in Your name and seek Your blessing from the very start.' Situational: At the beginning of any new endeavor, day, or phase of life.",
        r: "If He is the First, then everything comes from Him. Your beginning, your story, originates with Him. How does that shape your sense of purpose?",
        c: "The number 1, the first cause in philosophy, the first moment of time in cosmology—all point to a necessary First.",
        o: "Cutes the error of believing anything is eternal besides Allah, and forgetting our origins when we become arrogant."
    },
    {
        id: 74,
        a: "الْآخِرُ",
        t: "Al-Akhir",
        m: "The Last",
        e: "After all things. Root A-KH-R (last). The One who remains after all creation perishes. His existence has no end.",
        u: "Invoke for a good ending. Du'a: 'Ya Akhir, the Last, grant me a good ending (husn al-khatimah) and make my final deeds the best.' Situational: When seeking to end something well, or when thinking of death and the afterlife.",
        r: "If He is the Last, then everything returns to Him. Your story ends with Him. How do you want that meeting to be?",
        c: "The final, enduring note of a beautiful symphony, or the legacy that remains after a person is gone. Allah is the Eternal Enduring.",
        o: "Cutes living as if there is no afterlife, and fear of endings (end of life, end of a relationship) without connecting it to Al-Akhir."
    },
    {
        id: 75,
        a: "الظَّاهِرُ",
        t: "Az-Zahir",
        m: "The Manifest",
        e: "Clearly seen in signs. Root Ẓ-H-R (to be manifest). The One whose existence is made evident by the signs in creation, by logical proofs, and by the fitrah (innate disposition) of mankind.",
        u: "Invoke for clarity. Du'a: 'Ya Zahir, make the truth manifest to me and dispel the doubts from my heart.' Situational: When in doubt about faith, or when needing clear proof or evidence.",
        r: "You don't see the wind, but you see its effects on trees. You don't see Allah, but you see His effects everywhere. Is that not sufficient proof?",
        c: "An artist's style is manifest in all their paintings without the artist being physically in the painting. Creation is the 'art' manifesting The Creator.",
        o: "Cutes doubt in Allah's existence despite overwhelming signs, and demanding a physical 'seeing' of the Divine."
    },
    {
        id: 76,
        a: "الْبَاطِنُ",
        t: "Al-Batin",
        m: "The Hidden",
        e: "Unseen but ever present. Root B-Ṭ-N (to be hidden). The One who is hidden from our physical senses and imagination, yet closer to us than our jugular vein. His essence is unknowable.",
        u: "Invoke for internal secrets. Du'a: 'Ya Batin, You know my innermost secrets. Purify what is hidden in my heart and grant me closeness to You in the unseen realm.' Situational: For matters of the heart known only to you and Allah.",
        r: "The most profound realities are often hidden: love, thought, the soul. The Ultimate Hidden Reality is Allah. The unseen world is vaster than the seen.",
        c: "The roots of a tree are hidden but essential for its life. The laws of physics are hidden but govern everything.",
        o: "Cutes obsession with only the material, visible world, and neglecting the hidden dimensions of faith and the heart."
    },
    {
        id: 77,
        a: "الْوَالِي",
        t: "Al-Wali",
        m: "The Governor",
        e: "Ruler of all affairs. Root W-L-Y (to govern). The One who governs, manages, and is in charge of all creation's affairs with perfect wisdom and authority.",
        u: "Invoke for management skills. Du'a: 'Ya Wali, the true Governor, grant me wisdom in managing the affairs You have entrusted to me.' Situational: When in a position of responsibility (parent, leader, manager).",
        r: "We stress over managing our tiny domains. The One who manages the entire universe is your Wali if you are a believer. Let that put your management worries into perspective.",
        c: "A perfectly run city or company, where every department functions in harmony under a central authority.",
        o: "Cutes the stress of feeling solely responsible for outcomes, and trying to control what is outside one's jurisdiction."
    },
    {
        id: 78,
        a: "الْمُتَعَالِي",
        t: "Al-Muta'ali",
        m: "The Self-Exalted",
        e: "Supreme and high. Root ‘-L-W (highness). The One who is exalted far above any description, above what the wrongdoers say about Him, above partnership and created attributes.",
        u: "Invoke for honor. Du'a: 'Ya Muta'ali, the Most Exalted, exalt my rank through my obedience to You and protect me from lowly desires.' Situational: When feeling demeaned by sin or the arrogance of others.",
        r: "Human exaltation is often achieved by putting others down. Allah's exaltation is inherent and does not diminish His creation. Our worship exalts us, not Him.",
        c: "A mountain peak that is high by its very nature, not by comparison to the valleys, though the valleys define its height. Allah's exaltation is absolute.",
        o: "Cutes exalting other beings or ideas to the level of Allah, and having a lowly self-image that forgets we are created for a high purpose."
    },
    {
        id: 79,
        a: "الْبَرُّ",
        t: "Al-Barr",
        m: "The Source of Goodness",
        e: "Ever-Kind to creation. Root B-R-R (piety, kindness). The One who is kind, gentle, and benevolent to His creation. His kindness is vast and encompasses all.",
        u: "Invoke for kindness. Du'a: 'Ya Barr, make me among Your righteous servants. Inspire me to be kind and do good to all of Your creation.' Situational: When seeking to increase in good deeds and kindness.",
        r: "Every good you do is a reflection of His name Al-Barr. He is the source of all goodness. Are you channeling that goodness to others?",
        c: "The innate human feeling of compassion and the desire to do good, which finds its purest expression in following divine guidance.",
        o: "Cutes harshness, miserliness in kindness, and pessimism about the goodness in life and in others."
    },
    {
        id: 80,
        a: "التَّوَّابُ",
        t: "At-Tawwab",
        m: "The Accepter of Repentance",
        e: "He who returns to mercy. Root T-W-B (to turn back). The One who continually turns to His servant with acceptance when the servant turns to Him in repentance. He loves to forgive.",
        u: "Invoke when turning back to God. Du'a: 'Ya Tawwab, accept my repentance, wipe my sins clean, and make me firm upon repentance until I meet You.' Situational: After committing a sin, with hope and sincerity.",
        r: "The door of repentance is always open until the sun rises from the west or death arrives. This is the promise of At-Tawwab. What are you waiting for?",
        c: "A door that is never locked, always ready to welcome back the one who left.",
        o: "Cutes despair of Allah's mercy, postponing repentance, and thinking one is too sinful to be accepted back."
    },
    {
        id: 81,
        a: "الْمُنْتَقِمُ",
        t: "Al-Muntaqim",
        m: "The Avenger",
        e: "Punisher of persistent wrong. Root N-Q-M (to avenge). The One who justly punishes the stubborn wrongdoers and tyrants who do not desist from oppression and disbelief.",
        u: "Invoke when oppressed. Du'a: 'Ya Muntaqim, avenge the oppressed believers and punish the tyrants who spread corruption on earth.' Situational: When witnessing or suffering from gross, persistent injustice that seems unchecked.",
        r: "The delay of punishment is not weakness. When Al-Muntaqim punishes, it is complete, just, and from a position of absolute power. Leave vengeance to Him.",
        c: "The inevitable collapse of every unjust system in history, often from within or through unforeseen means.",
        o: "Cutes taking revenge into one's own hands, which often leads to further injustice, and despair when seeing evil triumph temporarily."
    },
    {
        id: 82,
        a: "الْعَفُوُّ",
        t: "Al-Afuww",
        m: "The Pardoner",
        e: "Wiper of sins. Root ‘-F-W (to pardon, obliterate). The One who pardons abundantly, wiping sins clean as if they never occurred. This goes beyond forgiveness to erasure.",
        u: "Invoke for complete erasure of sin. Du'a: 'Ya Afuww, pardon my sins, major and minor, and wipe my record clean.' Situational: For major sins, or when seeking a truly fresh start.",
        r: "Forgiveness might imply the record remains but is overlooked. Pardon (Afuww) implies the record is erased. Which do you seek?",
        c: "A teacher who not only forgives a cheating student but removes the 'F' from the record book entirely.",
        o: "Cutes dwelling on past sins that Allah has pardoned, and not pardoning others when we have been pardoned infinitely more."
    },
    {
        id: 83,
        a: "الرَّؤُوفُ",
        t: "Ar-Ra'uf",
        m: "The Most Pitying",
        e: "Extreme compassion. Root R-A-F (pity, compassion). A degree above mercy (Rahmah). It is tender, gentle compassion, especially for the weak and struggling.",
        u: "Invoke for mercy. Du'a: 'Ya Ra'uf, have tender compassion on me in my weakness, my struggles, and my shortcomings.' Situational: When feeling weak, vulnerable, or overwhelmed by life's burdens.",
        r: "A mother's pity for her sick child is intense and gentle. Ar-Ra'uf's compassion for His struggling servant is infinitely greater. Turn to Him in your vulnerability.",
        c: "The gentle care of a nurse for a patient, or the softness in a person's eyes when they see someone suffering.",
        o: "Cutes harshness towards oneself or others, and hiding one's vulnerabilities instead of taking them to Ar-Ra'uf."
    },
    {
        id: 84,
        a: "مَالِكُ الْمُلْكِ",
        t: "Malik-ul-Mulk",
        m: "Owner of Sovereignty",
        e: "Master of all kingdoms. From M-L-K (to own) and M-L-K (kingdom). The True Owner of all sovereignty. He gives kingdom to whom He wills and takes it from whom He wills.",
        u: "Invoke for leadership. Du'a: 'Ya Malik-ul-Mulk, Owner of all Sovereignty, grant me authority only to establish Your justice, and protect me from its corruption.' Situational: For those in leadership positions, or when praying for just rulers.",
        r: "Every throne, every government, every CEO's chair is a temporary loan from Malik-ul-Mulk. How are the 'borrowers' using it?",
        c: "A chess master who owns all the pieces and the board, allowing players to make moves but ultimately controlling the game's parameters.",
        o: "Cutes arrogance in leadership, envy of others' positions, and forgetting that all power is a trust from Allah."
    },
    {
        id: 85,
        a: "ذُو الْجَلَالِ وَالْإِكْرَامِ",
        t: "Dhul-Jalali wal-Ikram",
        m: "Lord of Majesty and Honor",
        e: "The source of all honor. From J-L-L (majesty) and K-R-M (honor). Possessor of majestic glory and boundless honor. He is the source from which all honor and nobility flows.",
        u: "Invoke for great honor. Du'a: 'Ya Dhul-Jalali wal-Ikram, by Your Majesty and Generosity, honor me with Your pleasure and with honor in this life that pleases You.' Situational: For supreme needs, or to express awe and seeking of ultimate honor.",
        r: "Majesty (Jalal) inspires awe and fear. Generosity (Ikram) inspires love and hope. In this name, they are combined. Our relationship with Allah should balance both.",
        c: "A great king who is both awe-inspiring in his power (Jalal) and incredibly generous to his loyal subjects (Ikram).",
        o: "Cutes approaching Allah with only fear or only hope, lacking balance; and seeking honor from sources other than Him."
    },
    {
        id: 86,
        a: "الْمُقْسِطُ",
        t: "Al-Muqsit",
        m: "The Equitable",
        e: "Perfect in fairness. Root Q-S-Ṭ (justice). The One who is just in His judgment and decrees. He delivers perfect justice, even if it requires extraordinary means.",
        u: "Invoke for just solutions. Du'a: 'Ya Muqsit, the Equitable, establish justice in my heart and in this situation. Judge between me and my oppressor with fairness.' Situational: In disputes, or when seeking to be just even against oneself.",
        r: "His justice is not always the mathematical equality humans seek. It is a higher justice that considers all hidden factors, intentions, and ultimate consequences.",
        c: "A perfect judge who not only knows all the facts but also the hearts and histories of everyone involved.",
        o: "Cutes bias, the desire for revenge over justice, and impatience with Allah's timing in settling scores."
    },
    {
        id: 87,
        a: "الْجَامِعُ",
        t: "Al-Jami'",
        m: "The Gatherer",
        e: "Uniter of all things. Root J-M-‘ (to gather). The One who will gather all creation on the Day of Judgment, and who gathers compatible things (like hearts, families, knowledge) in this world.",
        u: "Invoke for family unity. Du'a: 'Ya Jami', gather my family upon guidance, gather the Muslims in unity, and gather me with the righteous on the Day of Gathering.' Situational: For unity among people, or when things feel scattered and dispersed.",
        r: "We often feel scattered—thoughts, tasks, loyalties. Al-Jami' can bring inner and outer unity when we turn to Him as our focal point.",
        c: "A magnet that gathers iron filings, or a grand conference that brings people from all over for a common purpose.",
        o: "Cutes divisiveness, scattering one's efforts aimlessly, and loneliness."
    },
    {
        id: 88,
        a: "الْغَنِيُّ",
        t: "Al-Ghaniyy",
        m: "The Self-Sufficient",
        e: "Needs nothing. Root GH-N-Y (to be rich, independent). The One who is absolutely free from any need of His creation. All needs are directed to Him.",
        u: "Invoke for wealth. Du'a: 'Ya Ghaniyy, enrich me with contentment and with lawful provision that makes me independent from begging from people.' Situational: When in financial need, or more importantly, when needing freedom from wanting people's approval or help.",
        r: "Human wealth is about having more. Allah's richness is about needing nothing. True wealth is needing only Allah.",
        c: "The sun—it gives light endlessly without diminishing or needing anything in return.",
        o: "Cutes neediness for people's approval, feeling poor despite having enough, and envy."
    },
    {
        id: 89,
        a: "الْمُغْنِي",
        t: "Al-Mughni",
        m: "The Enricher",
        e: "Bestower of wealth. Root GH-N-Y. The One who grants wealth, contentment, and sufficiency to whom He wills. He is the one who makes people truly rich.",
        u: "Invoke for financial increase. Du'a: 'Ya Mughni, enrich me with what halts my need for people, and make me satisfied with what You provide.' Situational: For increase in halal wealth and, more importantly, for the richness of contentment.",
        r: "He enriches not just with money, but with knowledge, peace, family—things that truly make a life rich. What type of enrichment are you asking for?",
        c: "A benefactor who not only gives money but also teaches skills, enabling true self-sufficiency.",
        o: "Cutes defining richness only by money, and not appreciating non-material wealth."
    },
    {
        id: 90,
        a: "الْمَانِعُ",
        t: "Al-Mani'",
        m: "The Withholder",
        e: "Preventer of harm. Root M-N-‘ (to prevent). The One who prevents and protects. He withholds harm, evils, and also withholds blessings as a test or protection.",
        u: "Invoke for safety. Du'a: 'Ya Mani', prevent harm from reaching me, prevent my faith from being taken at death, and prevent me from evil actions.' Situational: When fearing a specific harm, or for protection of one's faith and well-being.",
        r: "A withheld blessing (a job, a relationship) might be Al-Mani' protecting you from a greater harm you cannot see. Can you trust His prevention?",
        c: "An immune system that prevents diseases, or a firewall that prevents cyber attacks.",
        o: "Cutes frustration when prayers for something are not answered, not realizing it may be a prevention from harm."
    },
    {
        id: 91,
        a: "الضَّارُّ",
        t: "Ad-Darr",
        m: "The Creator of Harm",
        e: "None harms without Him. Root Ḍ-R-R (harm). The One who creates adversity and harm as a test, a punishment, or a means of spiritual growth. No harm occurs except by His will and wisdom.",
        u: "Invoke for testing times. Du'a: 'Ya Darr, I know this harm is from You and contains wisdom. Protect me from its evil and extract from it the good You intend.' Situational: When afflicted with illness, loss, or any hardship.",
        r: "Harm and benefit are both in His hand. A harmful experience can be the catalyst for immense good (repentance, strength, empathy).",
        c: "A forest fire that seems destructive but clears deadwood and allows new seeds to germinate.",
        o: "Cutes attributing harm to mere 'bad luck' or other creatures without recognizing Allah's overarching will and wisdom in it."
    },
    {
        id: 92,
        a: "النَّافِعُ",
        t: "An-Nafi'",
        m: "The Creator of Good",
        e: "Source of all benefit. Root N-F-‘ (benefit). The One who creates all benefit and good. No one can benefit you except by His will.",
        u: "Invoke for success. Du'a: 'Ya Nafi', make this endeavor beneficial for my faith and life, and make me a source of benefit for others.' Situational: When starting any project, seeking knowledge, or desiring to be of benefit.",
        r: "Every good you experience—health, success, a helpful person—is created by An-Nafi'. Thank the Source, not just the means.",
        c: "The sun's benefit in growing crops, providing vitamin D, and giving light.",
        o: "Cutes associating the source of benefit with the means (e.g., a doctor, a job) and forgetting the Creator of those means."
    },
    {
        id: 93,
        a: "النُّورُ",
        t: "An-Nur",
        m: "The Light",
        e: "Giver of guidance. Root N-W-R (light). The One who is the light of the heavens and the earth. He illuminates the hearts with faith and the paths with guidance.",
        u: "Invoke for spiritual light. Du'a: 'Ya Nur, illuminate my heart with faith, my grave with light, and my path with guidance.' Situational: When in darkness of doubt, confusion, or spiritual low.",
        r: "Physical light allows you to see the world. Spiritual light (An-Nur) allows you to see the purpose of the world and the path to its Creator.",
        c: "The sun, a lamp, a lighthouse—all remove physical darkness. Divine revelation removes spiritual and existential darkness.",
        o: "Cutes living in spiritual darkness by choice, rejecting guidance, and being content with ignorance."
    },
    {
        id: 94,
        a: "الْهَادِي",
        t: "Al-Hadi",
        m: "The Provider of Guidance",
        e: "Guiding the way. Root H-D-Y (guidance). The One who guides hearts to Himself, guides actions to righteousness, and guides creation to its appointed functions.",
        u: "Invoke for direction. Du'a: 'Ya Hadi, guide my heart, guide my steps, and do not let me stray after You have guided me.' Situational: When facing a major life decision, or when feeling lost in one's faith journey.",
        r: "Guidance is the greatest gift. You can have all wealth and health but be lost. Never take your guidance for granted; always ask Al-Hadi to keep you firm.",
        c: "A perfect GPS that not only shows the road but also the destination and the purpose of the journey.",
        o: "Cutes arrogance in one's own sense of direction (intellectual or spiritual), and not asking for guidance regularly."
    },
    {
        id: 95,
        a: "الْبَدِيعُ",
        t: "Al-Badi'",
        m: "The Incomparable",
        e: "Unique Creator. Root B-D-‘ (to originate uniquely). The One who originates creation in amazing, unprecedented ways without any prior model. His creation is wonderfully novel and perfect.",
        u: "Invoke for innovation. Du'a: 'Ya Badi', originator of the heavens and earth, grant me creativity in solving problems for good, and help me appreciate Your unique artistry.' Situational: When needing creative solutions, or when marveling at creation.",
        r: "Look at the diversity of life—each species is a unique 'invention.' The human being is the most intricate of these. You are a walking masterpiece of Al-Badi'.",
        c: "The first of its kind—a groundbreaking invention, a unique piece of art that defines a new genre.",
        o: "Cutes monotony in thought, lack of wonder, and believing that creation is a result of mere random repetition."
    },
    {
        id: 96,
        a: "الْبَاقِي",
        t: "Al-Baqi",
        m: "The Ever-Enduring",
        e: "He who remains. Root B-Q-Y (to remain). The One who remains forever after all of creation perishes. His existence is permanent and everlasting.",
        u: "Invoke for legacy. Du'a: 'Ya Baqi, the Everlasting, make my deeds that please You the ones that remain and benefit me after I am gone.' Situational: When thinking about legacy, death, and the temporary nature of this world.",
        r: "Everything you see will cease to exist. Only Allah and the deeds rooted in His pleasure will remain. What are you investing in—the temporary or the everlasting?",
        c: "A mountain seems permanent but will erode. A diamond lasts long but will perish. Only Al-Baqi is truly permanent.",
        o: "Cutes attachment to temporary things as if they will last forever, and fear of change and endings."
    },
    {
        id: 97,
        a: "الْوَارِثُ",
        t: "Al-Warith",
        m: "The Ultimate Inheritor",
        e: "Owner of all after death. Root W-R-TH (to inherit). The One who remains after all creatures perish and to whom all possessions return. He is the inheritor of the heavens and the earth.",
        u: "Invoke for offspring. Du'a: 'Ya Warith, grant me pious offspring who will inherit my faith and good deeds, and make me conscious that all will return to You.' Situational: When desiring children, or when contemplating the transient nature of wealth and power.",
        r: "You are a custodian, not an owner. On your death, what you 'owned' will be inherited by others, and ultimately by Al-Warith. How does this change your relationship with possessions?",
        c: "An estate that ultimately passes to the state if no heirs are found. The entire universe ultimately 'passes' back to its Original Owner.",
        o: "Cutes greed, hoarding, and the pain of leaving possessions behind as if they were ever truly ours."
    },
    {
        id: 98,
        a: "الرَّشِيدُ",
        t: "Ar-Rashid",
        m: "The Guide to the Right Path",
        e: "Perfect in guidance. Root R-SH-D (right guidance). The One whose guidance is straight, perfect, and leads to the correct outcome. He guides to the best way and the best end.",
        u: "Invoke for wisdom. Du'a: 'Ya Rashid, guide me to the soundest opinions, the straightest path, and the best conduct in all my affairs.' Situational: When needing not just any guidance, but the *best* and most correct guidance.",
        r: "Human guidance can be flawed. Ar-Rashid's guidance is infallible. Are you consulting His guidance (Qur'an, Sunnah) before all other sources?",
        c: "A perfect mentor who not only shows you a path but the *optimal* path based on complete knowledge of the terrain and your capabilities.",
        o: "Cutes following every opinion without discretion, and stubbornness when clear divine guidance is present."
    },
    {
        id: 99,
        a: "الصَّبُورُ",
        t: "As-Sabur",
        m: "The Most Patient",
        e: "Never in a hurry. Root Ṣ-B-R (patience). The One who is patient, who does not hasten punishment, giving time for repentance. His patience is perfect and encompasses all things.",
        u: "Invoke for patience. Du'a: 'Ya Sabur, the Most Patient, pour patience into my heart. Make me patient in adversity, in obedience, and in avoiding sin.' Situational: In moments of acute difficulty, waiting, or when struggling to be consistent in worship.",
        r: "His patience with our constant sins is beyond human comprehension. If He is so patient with us, can we not learn to be patient with His decree and with others?",
        c: "A master teacher who patiently repeats a lesson until the student understands, without anger or haste.",
        o: "Cutes hastiness, complaining, and losing patience with Allah's timing or with people."
    }
];